---
layout: post
title: English - Are we going to the dogs?
tags: [english]
comments: true
---

# Are we going to the dogs? (Pampered pets are popping up all over.)

## Vocabulary
1. disposition : your personality and temperament (j)
    - temperament : the part of your character that affects your moods and the way you behave
    - May be the reason for their cheerful disposition.
2. to go overboard : to go to extremes (k)
    - But some are beginning to question whether things have gone overboard when it comes to coddling these four-legged creatures. (하지만 어떤 이들은 이 네 발 달린 동물에 관대한 상황이 너무 지나친 것이 아닌지 의문을 갖기 시작했습니다.)
3. coddle : to treat in an indulgent way (e)
    - indulgent : having or indicating a tendency to be overly generous to or lenient with someone.
4. no strings attached : no conditions of any kind (a)
5. tongue-in-cheeck : a comic way of expressing yourself (c)
    - Much of this lesson is written "tongue in cheek", because if you're a "dog person" you truly love the devotion and companionship of the critter you've choosen to share your home with.
6. bon appetit! : “enjoy your meal,” in French (i)
7. tinker : to experiment or fool around with (g)
8. critter : another name for animal (b)
9. devour : to eat very quickly (l)
    - Things have certainly come a long way from the days of tossing moldy bread and cheese out the window for the dogs to devour. (곰팡이 핀 빵과 치즈를 창밖으로 던져 개들이 먹어 치우도록 하던 시절로부터 확실히 먼 길을 왔습니다.)
    - moldy : 곰팡이
10. going to the dogs : a bad situation that’s getting worse (h)
11. affinity : a desire to have something (f), 호감
    - Countries with an affinity for big, energetic dogs probably have lots of wide, open space, while those with smaller pups tend to live in more congested cities.
12. antics : silly tricks and actions (d)
    - They made us laugh with their antics, made us angry when they peed on the rug and always made us grateful for their presence as part of the family.
13. contraption : a device or machine that looks awkward or old-fashioned, especially one that you do not know how to use
14. drool : to allow saliva (= liquid in the mouth) to flow out of your mouth
15. tucked: to put something into a safe or convenient place 
    - Americans traveling to Europe are used to seeing dogs tucked under the tables at restaurants in Paris.
16. pooch : a dog
17. mutt : a person who behaves in a silly or careless way / a dog
18. a keener fashion : 격식을 차린 패션
19. ingenious : (of a person) very intelligent and skillful, or (of a thing) skillfully made or planned and involving new ideas and methods
