---
layout: post
title: STAR (Situation, Task, Action, Result)
tags: [IT, server]
comments: true
---

# STAR (Situation, Task, Action, Result)
[Link](https://www.vawizard.org/wiz-pdf/STAR_Method_Interviews.pdf)

- Situation: 
    - Describe the situation that you were in or the task that you needed to accomplish. 
    - Describe a specific event or situation, not a generalized description of what you have done in the past
    - Give enough detail for the interviewer to understand. 
- Task
    - What goal were you working toward?
- Action
    - Describe the actions you took to address the situation with an appropriate amount of detail and keep the focus on YOU. 
    - What specific steps did you take and what was your particular contribution? 
    - Use the word “I,” not “we” when describing actions.
- Result
    - Describe the outcome of your actions
    - What happened? 
    - How did the event end? 
    - What did you accomplish? 
    - What did you learn? 
    - Contains multiple positive results. 


SAMPLE STAR RESPONSE:
- Situation (S): Advertising revenue was falling off for my college newspaper, The Review, and large numbers of long-term advertisers were not renewing contracts.
- Task (T): My goal was to generate new ideas, materials and incentives that would result in at least a 15% increase in advertisers from the year before.
- Action (A): I designed a new promotional packet to go with the rate sheet and compared the benefits of The Review circulation with other ad media in the area. I also set-up a special training session for the account executives with a School of Business Administration professor who discussed competitive selling strategies.
- Result (R): We signed contracts with 15 former advertisers for daily ads and five for special supplements. We increased our new advertisers by 20 percent over the same period last year. 